Why is it so important to help our listeners grasp the meaning of our message?
The Apostle Paul reasoned on the matter at 1 Corinthians 149.
Unless you with the tongue you speech that is easily understood.
How will anyone know what is being said?
You will in fact be speaking into the air.
In other words, we'd be wasting our time.
How then can we make our speech understandable to others?
We must understand our topic well.
Use simple expressions and explain unfamiliar terms.
In the following scenario, identify the expressions that are common to us, as Jehovah's Witnesses,
but that are not common to people in general.
I'd like to give you this invitation to our regional convention.
It's a wonderful event organized each year by the faithful and discreet slave.
It's like our circuit assemblies, but larger.
We enjoy it so much. You can really sense God's spirit there.
It really helps us to serve Jehovah and to get the best theocratic teaching there is.
Um, maybe not. It doesn't sound like it's for me.
Oh, okay. Maybe next time.
Will the householder readily understand the expression's regional convention?
Faithful and discreet slave, circuit assembly, God's spirit, or even Jehovah and theocratic teaching?
Not likely. Let's give the brother another chance.
I'd like to give you this invitation to a special event being held next month.
This year, it's going to be at the event center.
Everyone the community is invited, and it's free of charge.
The program moves quickly with talks, interviews, and short films.
This year, there's a movie that recounts the story of this time.
The publisher kept it simple and peaked the householder's curiosity.
What about when we fulfill a speaking assignment in the congregation?
We need to think in advance about our audience.
If we have a conversation assignment on the midweek meeting,
we should use expressions that a householder will be familiar with.
If we're giving a public talk, it shouldn't sound like a local needs part.
In the following example, identify which kind of talk is being given,
a public talk, or a local needs part.
And this good news of the kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth
for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.
Friends, what does that verse mean to you personally?
Each of us should ask himself,
am I having a full share in this never-to-be-repeated work?
Can I arrange my circumstances to serve as an auxiliary pioneer or a regular pioneer?
Do I preach with a sense of urgency?
Am I doing my best to make return visits and conduct Bible studies?
Did you identify it as a local needs part?
What were some clues?
The speaker used expressions that aren't always familiar to non-witnesses.
Friends, auxiliary pioneer, regular pioneer, and return visits.
Now, how might you apply Matthew 24-14 to an audience that includes non-witnesses?
Let's watch.
And this good news of the kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth
for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.
Speaking about God's kingdom is one way that we can do good to others.
Even if we've just begun to learn the truth from the Bible,
we can share what we've learned with relatives or workmates.
In this way, we may even help them to gain ever-lasting life.
Be assured that Jehovah God will bless and reward the goodness you show to others.
By helping our listeners to grasp the meaning of our message,
we'll be a joy to listen to, and our audience will clearly understand what they need to do.